
TODO:
X Add brakes,reverse to player #FIXME (Hartlef supposedly fixed) STRAIGHT reverse works, when you turn, it bounces.
Fix player turning in reverse (still has a bounce to it).

X Add functionality to roWave-- declare a new Wave and have it handle the spawnings, etc.
Add booty-theft scorekeeping
Add enemy-destroyed scorekeeping



Add an Escape Zone object-- these are scattered, of varying sizes.
	They collide with booty (this is what scores points for the enemy)
	They are suitable for targeting for nav.


Slow enemy down when towing, depending upon enemy type-- the faster the acceleration, the greater the slowing. Heavies aren't slowed at all.	
	
Add acceleration/deceleration to AI. Slow down for large turns to expedite turning?


Fix TurnAwayFrom so it doesn't always spin right.


Collision:
X	Player missile to enemy tank.
		Add VFX
		Add SFX
		Add Score
		Do accounting for wave
X	Enemy tank to booty.
		Add booty pickup
		Add VFX
		Add SFX
		Add accounting for wave

Enemy AI:
X	Set up randomized off-screen locations
	Chase the player
	Avoid colliding with another tank (unless I'm in kill mode and it's a player).

Add a sussgun mode: hold down fire and get slow rate of fire flakblast.	
	
Eye Candy:
	Replace FPO graphics.
X	Have booty spin.
	Have booty pulse/glow.
	Add a background?
	Add booty variety (different sizes/shapes, colors, behaviors, weights).
		
Enhancers:
	Power-Ups:
		Invincible.
		Enemy-seeking missiles.
		Booty restore! (Returns all scattered booty to home position)
	Mods:
		Gravity sinks-- draw booty towards them. In Center field, advantage to player. Out toward edges, advantage to enemy.
		Tower-Defense elements?
		Order items from drop-ship-- tow them into place.

Future ideas:
	Multiple maps, with differing terrain?
	Multiplayer.
	
	The "Tank Defense" genre-- generally, tower defense (passive defenses) combined with a player's in-game avatar. Key distinction, is player's avatar can take damage also.
	Balanced so that perfect passive defense is ideal, but never quite achievable through all waves.
		Orcs Must Die
		Battlezone (the remake).
		

THINGS THAT GOT DONE:
X Expand playfield/canvas size.
X No wrap on playfield.
X Alter vehicle driving dynamics so vehicle behaves like it's on treads.
X Firing bullets.
X Scattering booty.

X Cap max speed for player tank

X	Have enemies just move along, target practice style for now.
Collision:
X	Player missile to enemy tank.
X	Enemy tank to booty.
X Alter driving dynamics so the slower moving, the better the turning radius (speed 0 = very fast spins)


X Move Booty collection handling into Booty class (Partly done)
XMove Enemy collection handling into Enemy class (Partly done)
XRename b array to booty OR eliminate
XRename p array to player OR eliminate
XRename e array to enemy OR eliminate
X Improve target selection, so not all enemies are going after the first booty in the list. Add a PickRandom from the Loose List.
X	Pick a booty and drive toward it.
X		Add choosing booty at random.
X	Fix code to work with more than one enemy at a time

X	Able to pick up a booty.
X	Have a booty, let's get out of here.
X	Pick a new target if my booty unavailable (gone, or I'm not getting closer to it).

Notes from Original Game: RipOff

Mechanics:
OG plays too fast-- optimized for taking money. Game is too hard for 1P after 60 seconds or so.
When P1 collides with border, vehicle speed along that axis is zeroed-- vehicle can still slide along the border.
Driving over the booty messes with steering.
E AI divides attention-- goes for booty if closer.
E can drive over each other (at least, they do in the beginning) and seem to avoid each-other once on the field. UPDATE: Strictly, they do not avoid each other and can overlap, but seem to avoid doing so.


Sounds:
Background noise heightens with level
